=======================================================================
S.30.02 - Facultative covers for non–life and life business shares data
=======================================================================

Instructions
------------


General comments:

This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.

This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings which reinsure and/or retrocede business on a facultative basis.

It shall be filled by the non–life and life insurance and reinsurance undertakings with information on shares of reinsurers of facultative covers in the next reporting year covering information on the 10 most important risks in terms of reinsured exposure, for each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, (e.g. in cases where the risks accepted do not fit in the regular policy acceptance and could only be accepted in case part of the risk is reinsured on a facultative basis). Each facultative risk is submitted to the reinsurer and terms and conditions of the facultative reinsurance are negotiated individually for each policy. Treaties that automatically cover risks are out of scope of this template and must be reported in S.30.03.

There shall be one separate template for each line of business. For each line of business, a selection must be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of reinsured exposure (part of sum insured transferred to all reinsurers) on a facultative basis. Furthermore, each underwriting risk shall have a unique code specified by the ‘risk identification code’. Each chosen risk shall be separated to get unique conditions for a contract in a single line.

This template is prospective (to be in line with S.30.03) for the selected largest 10 facultative covers whose period of validity includes or overlaps the next reporting year and are known when filling the template. If reinsurance strategy changes materially after that date or if the renovation of the reinsurance contracts are performed later than the reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this template shall be re–submitted when adequate.

Facultative placements covering different lines of business shall also appear in the various relevant lines of business if they are ranked within the 10 biggest risks of the same line of business.

This template shall be filled in for each reinsurer that accepted the facultative cover.


z0010 - Line of business
------------------------


Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 1 — Medical expense insurance 2 — Income protection insurance 3 — Workers' compensation insurance 4 — Motor vehicle liability insurance 5 — Other motor insurance 6 — Marine, aviation and transport insurance 7 — Fire and other damage to property insurance 8 — General liability insurance 9 — Credit and suretyship insurance 10 — Legal expenses insurance 11 — Assistance 12 — Miscellaneous financial loss 13 — Proportional medical expense reinsurance 14 — Proportional income protection reinsurance 15 — Proportional workers' compensation reinsurance 16 — Proportional motor vehicle liability reinsurance 17 — Proportional other motor reinsurance 18 — Proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 19 — Proportional fire and other damage to property reinsurance 20 — Proportional general liability reinsurance 21 — Proportional credit and suretyship reinsurance 22 — Proportional legal expenses reinsurance 23 — Proportional assistance reinsurance 24 — Proportional miscellaneous financial loss reinsurance 25 — Non–proportional health reinsurance 26 — Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 27 — Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 28 — Non–proportional property reinsurance


c0020 - Reinsurance program code
--------------------------------


Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance program code of S.30.03 — Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting year.


c0030 - Risk identification Code
--------------------------------


For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of non–life insurance a selection shall be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of exposure that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in the reporting period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a unique identifying number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk and shall remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.


c0040 - Facultative reinsurancePlacement identification code
------------------------------------------------------------


Each facultative reinsurance placement must be assigned a sequence number which is unique for the risk. The facultative reinsurance placement identification code is entity specific.


c0050 - Code reinsurer
----------------------


Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertaking


c0060 - Type of code reinsurer
------------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’ The following closed list shall be used: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0070 - Code broker
-------------------


Identification code of the broker by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertakingIf more than one broker was involved in the reinsurance placement only the dominant main broker is required.


c0080 - Type of code broker
---------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code broker’: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0090 - Activity code broker
----------------------------


Representing the activities of the broker involved, as considered by the undertaking. In case the activities are combined all activities must be mentioned separated be a ‘,’:—Intermediary for placement—Underwriting on behalf of—Financial services


c0100 - Share reinsurer (%)
---------------------------


Percentage of the facultative placement accepted by the reinsurer, expressed as an absolute percentage of the Amount reinsured on a facultative basis, with all reinsurers, as reported in column C0160 of S.30.01 — Facultative covers (in terms of reinsured exposure) — Basic.The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.


c0110 - Currency
----------------


Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the facultative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then the main currency must be filled.


c0120 - Sum reinsured to facultative reinsurer
----------------------------------------------


The sum reinsured on a facultative basis with the reinsurer.


c0130 - Facultative ceded reinsurance premium
---------------------------------------------


Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, ceded to reinsurer for their share.


c0140 - Annotations
-------------------


Description of cases where either the reinsurer's participation is at conditions different from those of the standard facultative or treaty placement, or to provide any other information that the undertaking has to bring to the attention of the Supervisor.


z0010 - Line of business
------------------------


Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 29 — Health insurance 30 — Insurance with profit participation 31 — Index–linked and unit–linked insurance 32 — Other life insurance 33 — Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to health insurance obligations 34 — Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations 35 — Health reinsurance 36 — Life reinsurance


c0150 - Reinsurance program code
--------------------------------


Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance program code of S.30.03 — Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting year.


c0160 - Risk identification code
--------------------------------


For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of life insurance a selection shall be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of exposure that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in the reporting period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a unique identifying number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk within the branch, and this code cannot be reused for other risks in the same branch and shall remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.


c0170 - Facultative reinsurance placement identification code
-------------------------------------------------------------


A sequential number which is unique for the risk, assigned to each facultative reinsurance placement by the undertaking.


c0180 - Code reinsurer
----------------------


Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertakingIn case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique for the specific reinsurer and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by the undertaking or LEI code.


c0190 - Type of code reinsurer
------------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’ The following closed list shall be used: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0200 - Code broker
-------------------


Identification code of the broker by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertakingIn case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique for the specific broker and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by the undertaking or LEI code.If more than one broker was involved in the reinsurance placement only the dominant broker is required.


c0210 - Type of code broker
---------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code broker’: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0220 - Activity code broker
----------------------------


Representing the activities of the broker involved, as considered by the undertaking. In case the activities are combined all activities must be mentioned separated be a ‘,’:—Intermediary for placement—Underwriting on behalf of—Financial services


c0230 - Share reinsurer (%)
---------------------------


Percentage of the facultative placement accepted by the reinsurer, expressed as an absolute percentage of the Amount reinsured on a facultative basis, with all reinsurers, as reported in column C0310 of S.30.01 — Facultative covers (in terms of reinsured exposure) — Basic.The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.


c0240 - Currency
----------------


Identify ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the facultative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then the main currency must be filled.


c0250 - Sum reinsured to facultative reinsurer
----------------------------------------------


The sum reinsured on a facultative basis with the reinsurer.


c0260 - Facultative ceded reinsurance premium
---------------------------------------------


Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, ceded to reinsurer for their share.


c0270 - Annotations
-------------------


Description of cases where either the reinsurer's participation is at conditions different from those of the standard facultative or treaty placement, or to provide any other information that the undertaking has to bring to the attention of the Supervisor.


c0280 - Code reinsurer
----------------------


Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertakingIn case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique for the specific reinsurer and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by the undertaking or LEI code.


c0290 - Type of code reinsurer
------------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’ The following closed list shall be used: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0300 - Legal name reinsurer
----------------------------


Legal name of the reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. The official name of the risk–carrier reinsurer is stated in the reinsurance contract. It is not permitted to fill in the name of a reinsurance broker. Nor is it permitted to state a general or incomplete name as international reinsurers have several operating companies that may be based in different countries.In case of pooling arrangements, the name of the Pool (or pool manager) can be filled only if the Pool is a legal entity.


c0310 - Type of reinsurer
-------------------------


Type of reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. The following closed list shall be used: 1 — Direct Life insurer 2 — Direct Non–life insurer 3 — Direct Composite insurer 4 — Captive insurance undertaking 5 — Internal reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking which primary focus is to take risk from other insurance undertakings within the group) 6 — External reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking that takes risks from undertakings other than from insurance undertakings within the group) 7 — Captive reinsurance undertaking 8 — Special purpose vehicle 9 — Pool entity (where more than one insurance or reinsurance undertakings are involved) 10 — State pool


c0320 - Country of residency
----------------------------


Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code for the country where the reinsurer is legally authorised/licensed.


c0330 - External rating assessment by nominated ECAI
----------------------------------------------------


Rating of the reinsurer at the reporting reference date issued by the nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI).


c0340 - Nominated ECAI
----------------------


Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating.


c0350 - Credit quality step
---------------------------


Identify the credit quality step attributed to the reinsurer. The credit quality step shall reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the undertakings that use the standard formula.


c0360 - Internal rating
-----------------------


Internal rating of the reinsurer for undertakings using internal model to the extent that the internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model undertaking is using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.


c0370 - Code broker
-------------------


Identification code of the broker by this order of priority:—Legal Entity Identifier (LEI);—Specific code attributed by the undertakingIn case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique for the specific broker and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by the undertaking or LEI code.


c0380 - Type of code broker
---------------------------


Identification of the code used in item ‘Code broker’: 1 — LEI 2 — Specific code


c0390 - Legal name broker
-------------------------


Statutory name of the broker.


