======================================================================
S.30.01 - Facultative covers for non–life and life business basic data
======================================================================

Instructions
------------


General comments:

This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.

This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings which reinsure and/or retrocede business on a facultative basis.

It shall be filled by the non–life and life insurance and reinsurance undertakings with information on facultative covers in the next reporting year, covering information on the 10 most important risks in terms of reinsured exposure for each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (e.g. in cases where the risks accepted do not fit in the regular policy acceptance and could only be accepted in case part of the risk is reinsured on a facultative basis). Each facultative risk is submitted to the reinsurer and terms and conditions of the facultative reinsurance are negotiated individually for each policy. Treaties that automatically cover risks are out of scope of this template and must be reported in S.30.03.

There shall be one separate template for each line of business. For each line of business, a selection must be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of reinsured exposure (part of sum insured transferred to all reinsurers) on a facultative basis. Furthermore, each underwriting risk shall have a unique code specified by the ‘risk identification code’.

This template is prospective (to be in line with S.30.03) for the selected largest 10 facultative covers that have not yet expired at the start of the next reporting year whose period of validity includes or overlaps the next reporting year and are known when filling the template. If reinsurance strategy changes materially after that date or if the renovation of the reinsurance contracts are performed later than the reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this template shall be re–submitted when adequate.

Facultative placements covering different lines of business shall also appear in the various relevant line of business if they are ranked within the 10 biggest risks of the same line of business.


z0010 - Line of business
------------------------


Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 1 — Medical expense insurance 2 — Income protection insurance 3 — Workers' compensation insurance 4 — Motor vehicle liability insurance 5 — Other motor insurance 6 — Marine, aviation and transport insurance 7 — Fire and other damage to property insurance 8 — General liability insurance 9 — Credit and suretyship insurance 10 — Legal expenses insurance 11 — Assistance 12 — Miscellaneous financial loss 13 — Proportional medical expense reinsurance 14 — Proportional income protection reinsurance 15 — Proportional workers' compensation reinsurance 16 — Proportional motor vehicle liability reinsurance 17 — Proportional other motor reinsurance 18 — Proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 19 — Proportional fire and other damage to property reinsurance 20 — Proportional general liability reinsurance 21 — Proportional credit and suretyship reinsurance 22 — Proportional legal expenses reinsurance 23 — Proportional assistance reinsurance 24 — Proportional miscellaneous financial loss reinsurance 25 — Non–proportional health reinsurance 26 — Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 27 — Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 28 — Non–proportional property reinsurance


c0020 - Reinsurance program code
--------------------------------


Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance program code of S.30.03 — Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting year.


c0030 - Risk identification code
--------------------------------


For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of non–life insurance a selection shall be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of exposure that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in the next reporting period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a unique identifying number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk and shall remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.


c0040 - Facultative reinsurance placement identification code
-------------------------------------------------------------


Each facultative reinsurance placement must be assigned a sequence number which is unique for the risk. The facultative reinsurance placement identification code is entity specific.


c0050 - Finite reinsurance or similar arrangements
--------------------------------------------------


Identification of the reinsurance contract. The following closed list shall be used: 1 — Non–traditional or Finite RE(if any reinsurance contract or financial instrument which is not directly based on the principle of indemnity or is based on a contract wording which has limited or no demonstrable risk transfer mechanism) 2 — Other than non–traditional or Finite REIn case of Finite reinsurance or a similar arrangement only the items which are feasible must be filled.


c0060 - Proportional
--------------------


Indicate whether the reinsurance program is proportional reinsurance, i.e., involves a reinsurer taking a stated percent share of each policy that an insurer underwrites. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 1 — Proportional reinsurance 2 — Non–proportional reinsurance


c0070 - Identification of the company/person to which the risk relates
----------------------------------------------------------------------


If the risk relates to a company identify the name of the company to whom the risk relates.If the risk relates to a natural person, pseudonymise the original policy number and report pseudonymised information. Pseudonymous data refer to data that cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information, as long as such additional information is kept separately. Consistency over time shall be insured. It implies that if a single underwriting risk appears from one year to another, it shall receive the same pseudonymised format.


c0080 - Description risk
------------------------


The description of the risk. Depending on the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, report the type of company, building or occupation of the specific risk insured.


c0090 - Description risk category covered
-----------------------------------------


Description of the main scope of the cover of the facultative risk. It is normally part of the description used to identify the placement.The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ is not based on Directive 2008/138/EC or Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35/EC terminologies but can be considered as an extra possibility the give additional information about the underwriting risk(s).


c0100 - Validity period (start date)
------------------------------------


Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the specific cover, i.e., date when the cover took effect.


c0110 - Validity period (expiry date)
-------------------------------------


Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific cover.In case the cover conditions remain unchanged when filling in the template and the undertaking is not making use of the termination clause, the expiry date will be the next possible expiry date.


c0120 - Currency
----------------


Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the facultative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then the main currency must be filled.


c0130 - Sum insured
-------------------


The highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out under the policy. The insured sum relates to the underwriting risk. Where the facultative cover provides for a number of exposures/risks across the country the aggregate policy limits shall be specified. If the risk has been accepted on a co–insurance basis, the insured sum indicates the maximum liability of the reporting non–life insurer.


c0140 - Type of underwriting model
----------------------------------


Type of underwriting model which is used to estimate the exposure of the underwriting risk and the need for reinsurance protection. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 1 — Sum Insuredthe highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out according to the original policy. SI must also be filled when type of underwriting model is not applicable 2 — Maximum Possible Lossloss which may occur when the most unfavourable circumstances being more or less exceptionally combined, the fire is only stopped by impassable obstacles or lack of substance. 3 — Probable Maximum Lossdefined as the estimate of the largest loss from a single fire or peril to be expected, assuming the worst single impairment of primary private fire protection systems but with secondary protection systems or organizations (such as emergency organizations and private and/or public fire department response) functioning as intended. Catastrophic conditions like explosions resulting from massive release of flammable gases, which might involve large areas of the plant, detonation of massive explosives, seismic disturbances, tidal waves or flood, falling aircraft, and arson committed in more than one area are excluded in this estimate. This definition is a hybrid form between Maximum Possible Loss and Estimated Maximum Loss that is generally accepted and frequently used by insurers, reinsurers and reinsurance brokers 4 — Estimated Maximum Lossloss that could reasonably be sustained from the contingencies under consideration, as a result of a single incident considered to be within the realms of probability taking into account all factors likely to increase or lessen the extent of the loss, but excluding such coincidences and catastrophes which may be possible but remain unlikely. 5 — Otherother possible underwriting models used. The type of ‘other’ underwriting model applied must be explained in the Regular Supervisory ReportAlthough abovementioned definitions are used for the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 ‘Fire and other damage to property insurance’, similar definitions might be in place for other lines of business.


c0150 - Amount underwriting model
---------------------------------


Maximum loss amount of the underwriting risk which is the result of the underwriting model used.


c0160 - Sum reinsured on a facultative basis, with all reinsurers
-----------------------------------------------------------------


The sum reinsured on a facultative basis is part of the sum insured which is reinsured on a facultative basis. The amount shall be consistent with the Sum insured as specified in C0130 and reflects the maximum liability (100 %) for the facultative reinsurers.


c0170 - Facultative reinsurance premium ceded to all reinsurers for 100 % of the reinsurance placement
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, gross of ceding commissions, ceded to reinsurers for their share.


c0180 - Facultative reinsurance commission
------------------------------------------


Expected commission with the gross annual or written reinsurance premium. This shall include all ceding, overriding and profit commissions that represent cash–flows into the reporting insurer due from the reinsurer.


z0010 - Line of business
------------------------


Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 29 — Health insurance 30 — Insurance with profit participation 31 — Index–linked and unit–linked insurance 32 — Other life insurance 33 — Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to health insurance obligations 34 — Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations 35 — Health reinsurance 36 — Life reinsurance


c0190 - Reinsurance program code
--------------------------------


Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance program code of S.30.03 — Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting year.


c0200 - Risk identification code
--------------------------------


For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of life insurance a selection shall be made of the 10 most important risks in terms of exposure that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in the reporting period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a unique identifying number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk within the branch, and this code cannot be reused for other risks in the same branch and shall remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.


c0210 - Facultative reinsurance placement identification code
-------------------------------------------------------------


Each facultative reinsurance placement must be assigned a sequence number which is unique for the risk. The facultative reinsurance placement identification code is entity specific.


c0220 - Finite reinsurance or similar arrangements
--------------------------------------------------


One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 1 — Non–traditional or Finite RE(if any reinsurance contract or financial instrument which is not directly based on the principle of indemnity or is based on a contract wording which has limited or no demonstrable risk transfer mechanism) 2 — Other than non–traditional or Finite RE


c0230 - Proportional
--------------------


Indicate whether the reinsurance program is proportional reinsurance, i.e., involves a reinsurer taking a stated percent share of each policy that an insurer underwrites. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 1 — Proportional reinsurance 2 — Non–proportional reinsurance


c0240 - Identification of the company/person to which the risk relates
----------------------------------------------------------------------


If the risk relates to a company identify the name of the company to whom the risk relatesIf the risk relates to a natural person, pseudonymise the original policy number and report pseudonymised information. Pseudonymous data refer to data that cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information, as long as such additional information is kept separately. Consistency over time shall be insured. It implies that if a single underwriting risk appears from one year to another, it shall receive the same pseudonymised format.


c0250 - Description risk category covered
-----------------------------------------


Description of the main scope of the cover of the facultative risk. It is normally part of the description used to identify the placement.The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ isn't based on Solvency II Directive terminologies but can be considered as an extra possibility the give additional information about the underwriting risk(s).


c0260 - Validity period (start date)
------------------------------------


Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the specific cover, i.e., date when the cover took effect.


c0270 - Validity period (expiry date)
-------------------------------------


Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific cover.


c0280 - Currency
----------------


Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the facultative cover. All the amounts of this record must be expressed in this currency.


c0290 - Sum Insured
-------------------


The amount that the life insurer pays out to the beneficiary. If the risk is co–insured with other life insurers, the insured capital payable by the reporting life insurer has to be reported here.


c0300 - Capital at risk
-----------------------


The capital at risk, as defined in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35/EC.If the risk is co–insured with other life insurers, the risk capital relating to the life insurer's amount share in the insured capital has to be reported here.


c0310 - Sum reinsured on a facultative basis, with all reinsurers
-----------------------------------------------------------------


The sum reinsured on a facultative basis is that part of the sum insured which is reinsured on a facultative basis. The amount shall be consistent with the Sum insured as specified in C0310 and reflects the maximum liability (100 %) for the facultative reinsurers.


c0320 - Facultative reinsurance premium ceded to all reinsurers for 100 % of the reinsurance placement
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, gross of ceding commissions, ceded to the reinsurers for their share.


c0330 - Facultative reinsurance commission
------------------------------------------


Expected commission with the gross annual or written reinsurance premium. This shall include all ceding, overriding and profit commissions that represent cash–flows into the reporting insurer due from the reinsurer.


